http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-alls-11.txt All's Well that Ends Well
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-antony-23.txt Antony and Cleopatra
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-as-12.txt As You Like It
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-comedy-7.txt The Comedy of Errors
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-coriolanus-24.txt Coriolanus
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-cymbeline-17.txt Cymbeline
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-first-51.txt King Henry IV
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-hamlet-25.txt Hamlet
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-julius-26.txt Julius Caesar
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-king-45.txt King Lear
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-life-54.txt King Henry V
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-life-55.txt King Henry VIII
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-life-56.txt King John
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-lovers-62.txt A Lover's Complaint
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-loves-8.txt Love's Labour's Lost
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-macbeth-46.txt Macbeth
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-measure-13.txt Measure for Measure
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-merchant-5.txt The Merchant of Venice
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-merry-15.txt The Merry Wives of Windsor
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-midsummer-16.txt A Midsummer Night's Dream
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-much-3.txt Much Ado About Nothing
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-othello-47.txt Othello
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-pericles-21.txt Pericles, Prince of Tyre
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-rape-61.txt The Rape of Lucrece
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-romeo-48.txt Romeo and Juliet
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-second-52.txt King Henry IV
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-taming-2.txt The Taming of the Shrew
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-tempest-4.txt The Tempest
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-third-53.txt King Henry VI
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-timon-49.txt Timon of Athens
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-titus-50.txt Titus Andronicus
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-tragedy-57.txt King Richard II
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-tragedy-58.txt King Richard III
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-troilus-22.txt Troilus and Cressida
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-twelfth-20.txt Twelfth Night
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-two-18.txt The Two Gentlemen of Verona
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-venus-60.txt Venus and Adonis
http://www.textfiles.com/etext/AUTHORS/SHAKESPEARE/shakespeare-winters-19.txt The Winter's Tale